Fix for PMM-12161 - Improve the instructions about Adding mongoDB cluster to PMM (#1194)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/setting-up/client/mongodb.md

When you have configured your database server, you can add a MongoDB service with the user interface or on the command line.

!!! caution alert alert-warning "Important"

>     If you want to monitor a MongoDB sharded cluster, you will need to add to PMM all components of the cluster, such as config servers, shards, and mongos, otherwise some metrics will not be collected/displayed and some dashboards will not populate correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To monitor MongoDB sharded clusters, PMM requires access to all cluster components. Make sure to add all config servers, shards, and mongos. Otherwise, PMM will not be able to correctly collect metrics and populate dashboards.
```

When successful, PMM Client will print `MongoDB Service added` with the service's ID and name. Use the `--environment` and `-custom-labels` options to set tags for the service to help identify them.

!!! hint alert alert-success "Tips"

>     - When adding nodes of a sharded cluster, add each node separately using the `--cluster mycluster` option for the [MongoDB Cluster Summary](../../details/dashboards/dashboard-mongodb-cluster-summary.md) dashboard to populate correctly. Use also the `--replication-set` option to specify a replication set. Example: `--replication-set config` for your config servers; `--replication-set rs1` for your servers in the first replica set, `--replication-set rs2` for your servers in the second replica set, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When adding nodes of a sharded cluster, add each node separately using the `--cluster mycluster` option for the [MongoDB Cluster Summary](../../details/dashboards/dashboard-mongodb-cluster-summary.md) dashboard to populate correctly. Also use the `--replication-set` option to specify a replication set. Example: `--replication-set config` for your config servers; `--replication-set rs1` for your servers in the first replica set, `--replication-set rs2` for your servers in the second replica set, and so on.
```
